Design patterns:
It is a blueprint or a template, which we can implement in our code based on our problem statement and different situations.

Referece: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/javascript-design-patterns-explained/#what-are-design-patterns

Basic types:
Creational => deals with creation of objects, to impreove flexible and reusable code
Structural => how to assemble objects and classes into larger structures and add extra functionalities (by inheriting the objects property)
Behavioral => control communication and the assignment of responsibilities between different objects

Structural:
Singleton pattern:
Singleton pattern ensures that a class has only one immutable instance. object can't be copied or modified. It is useful in places where the application has 1 point as source of truth.

Factory pattern:
The Factory method pattern provides an interface for creating objects that can be modified after creation. Create centralized onject creation instance.

Abstract Factory pattern:
The Abstract Factory pattern allows us to produce families of related objects without specifying concrete classes. 
It's useful in situations where we need to create objects that share only some properties and methods.

Builder pattern:
Builder pattern is used to create objects in "steps". Normally we will have functions or methods that add certain properties or methods to our object.

Prototype Pattern:
Prototype pattern allows to create an object using another object as a blueprint, inheriting its properties and methods.

Structural Pattern:
Proxy pattern:
The Proxy pattern provides a substitute or placeholder for another object. 
This pattern is used toperforming some kind of action before or after the request gets to the actual original object.

Behavioral Pattern:
Iterator pattern:
The iterator is used to traverse elements of a collection

Observer Pattern
The observer pattern lets you define a subscription mechanism to notify multiple objects about any events that happen to the object they’re observing.